Marjorie Taylor Greene (born May 27, 1974) is an American politician and businesswoman from the state of Georgia. She is the Republican nominee for in the 2020 elections. She came to prominence for her public support of QAnon in Facebook videos. She later distanced herself from the conspiracy theory.
Greene was born in Milledgeville, Georgia, on May 27, 1974. She graduated from South Forsyth High School in Cumming, Georgia, and the University of Georgia with a bachelor's degree in business administration.
Greene began her 2020 candidacy in, but shifted her campaign to the 14th district after incumbent Tom Graves announced he would not run for reelection. In the days before the primary election, Facebook took down a Greene advertisement in which she brandished an AR-15 style rifle for violating its terms of service.
Greene finished in first place in the primary election and faced John Cowan in the runoff election. Greene defeated Cowan to win the nomination on August 11. Greene is considered an overwhelming favorite to win the seat in the general election, as the 14th typically votes heavily Republican. President Donald Trump treated in support describing Greene as a "future Republican Star" who is "is strong on everything and never gives up — a real WINNER!"
If she wins election, she will be the second Republican woman to represent Georgia in the House, and the first to be elected to a full term. Karen Handel was elected to represent the neighboring 6th District in a special election in 2017, but was defeated for a full term in 2018.
Greene supported the far-right QAnon conspiracy theory, saying in videos posted in 2017 on Facebook that the theories were "worth listening to". She posted 57 articles found in the archives of the American Truth Seeker website. Greene later distanced herself from the conspiracy theory and rejected the label of "QAnon candidate." She had stated in a video, "There's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to take this global cabal of Satan-worshiping pedophiles out, and I think we have the president to do it."
In a 2017 video posted to Facebook, Greene expressed doubt that the perpetrator of the 2017 Las Vegas shooting acted alone. She also called George Soros, a Jewish businessman, a Nazi. After the 2018 midterm elections, Greene stated that the election of Ilhan Omar and Rashida Tlaib was part of "an Islamic invasion of our government."
In 2018, Greene expressed support for a conspiracy theory that a plane did not hit the Pentagon during the September 11 attacks, saying that "it's odd there's never any evidence shown for a plane in the Pentagon," despite video evidence. She later admitted on Twitter that the 9/11 conspiracy theory is "not correct."
After the first round of voting in the 2020 election, Politico re-released videos published by Greene in which she expressed racist, antisemitic, and Islamophobic views. The videos were later condemned by Congressmen Kevin McCarthy and Steve Scalise and received criticism in the media.
On September 3, 2020, Greene shared a meme to her Facebook page depicting herself holding an AR-15 style rifle next to a collage of pictures of Democratic congresswomen Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Ilhan Omar and Rashida Tlaib. Greene claimed that it was time for Republicans to "go on the offense against these socialists who want to rip our country apart." House Speaker Nancy Pelosi denounced the meme as a "dangerous threat of violence," and Omar demanded that the meme be deleted. In response to questions from Forbes about whether the meme was a threat, a spokesperson for the Greene campaign called the suggestion "paranoid and ridiculous" and a "conspiracy theory." Facebook deleted the meme the following day for violating its policies on inciting violence, prompting Greene to claim that Democrats were "trying to cancel me out before I've even taken the oath of office."
Greene and her husband, Perry, have owned Taylor Commercial, a construction company based in Alpharetta, Georgia, since 2002.

 * Campaign website
 * Profile at Ballotpedia